README.md, before:

# Erehwon

Erehwon is an on-line collaborative tool for connecting people involved in socio-political interventions, building communities of interest, and enabling and empowering civic engagement in socio-political activities in public spaces by sharing and exchanging methods, values and practices, beyond spatial territories and physical borders. The project was conceived by Beatriz Cantinho and Mariza Dima, and has been developed with the support of Osso Cultural Association, Queen Mary University of London, and Stress.fm.  

For more information on the project: (http://www.osso.pt/en/adrift/erehwon-3)

The prototype tool was created over a hackathon weekend on the 28th and 29th May 2016.

Developers
Front-end:
* [Liliana Kastilio](https://github.com/lili2311)
* [Karen Lee](https://github.com/neraks)

Graphic Designer:
* [Marta Monge](https://github.com/emmecomemarta)

UX Design:
* [Mariza Dima](https://github.com/marizoldi)

We continue its development on a voluntarily basis and seeking new collaborations. In the next steps we are adding backend and looking at privacy-by-design. If you wish to contribute to the development and have any questions please contact [Mariza Dima](https://github.com/marizoldi).

![Wireframe](http://www.osso.pt/wp-content/uploads/2016/02/heroimage-02.jpg)

## Development Setup

1. Install [virtualenv](https://virtualenv.pypa.io/en/stable/): 

	```sudo pip install virtualenv```

2. Install [virtualenvwrapper](https://virtualenvwrapper.readthedocs.io/en/latest/install.html):

	 ```pip install virtualenvwrapper```
3. Create a new env for the project:
 
	 ```mkvirtualenv erehwon```
4. Clone the repo:

	`git@github.com:marizoldi/Erehwon.git`
	
5. Go inside the newly added **erehwon** directory:
	
	```cd erehwon```
	
6. Activate the virtual enviroment:
 
	 ```workon erehwon``` 
	 
	 This will now ensure anything you install is within this enviroment.
7. Install the requirements:

	 ```pip install -r requirements.txt``` 
8. You will need to have [Postgres installed](https://www.postgresql.org/download/) and up and running:
	
	```brew install postgresql``
9. Create a database locally for the project to run:
	
	```createdb erehwon``

10. Go inside frontend folder: 
	
	```cd frontend```
11. Install all the dependencies:

	 ```npm install```


## Running the project locally
1. Go inside the django app directory: 

	```cd erehwon```
2. Run django server:
	
	```python manage.py runserver```
	
3. The project is now running on `http://127.0.0.1:8000/`, go to that address in your browser. 

## Front End changes
1. Make css and javascript changes in the ```frontend``` folder
2. Make any HTML changes in the Django templates located in `erehwon/templates`
3. Use `grunt default` in the frontend folder to build, watch and copy all the required files automatically into the Django static folder.

## Deploying to Heroku
1. Create a Heroku Account
2. Get added to the app in the Heroku Dashboard
3. In the terminal `heroku login`
4. Within you project directory `heroku git:remote -a erehwon`
5. Once you are ready to deploy, from master branch you can run `git push heroku master` make sure you have commited all the changes before running this and the `git status` is clean.
6. Go to http://erehwon.herokuapp.com/ to view the live site.

Commit message:

Added Windows installation information for Python

README.md, after:

# Erehwon

Erehwon is an on-line collaborative tool for connecting people involved in socio-political interventions, building communities of interest, and enabling and empowering civic engagement in socio-political activities in public spaces by sharing and exchanging methods, values and practices, beyond spatial territories and physical borders. The project was conceived by Beatriz Cantinho and Mariza Dima, and has been developed with the support of Osso Cultural Association, Queen Mary University of London, and Stress.fm.  

For more information on the project: (http://www.osso.pt/en/adrift/erehwon-3)

The prototype tool was created over a hackathon weekend on the 28th and 29th May 2016.

Developers
Front-end:
* [Liliana Kastilio](https://github.com/lili2311)
* [Karen Lee](https://github.com/neraks)

Graphic Designer:
* [Marta Monge](https://github.com/emmecomemarta)

UX Design:
* [Mariza Dima](https://github.com/marizoldi)

We continue its development on a voluntarily basis and seeking new collaborations. In the next steps we are adding backend and looking at privacy-by-design. If you wish to contribute to the development and have any questions please contact [Mariza Dima](https://github.com/marizoldi).

![Wireframe](http://www.osso.pt/wp-content/uploads/2016/02/heroimage-02.jpg)

## Development Setup

Python version 2.7.9
(for help with Windows installation of virtualenv and virtualenvwrapper, see [Tim Reilly's article](http://timmyreilly.azurewebsites.net/python-pip-virtualenv-installation-on-windows/))


1. Install [virtualenv](https://virtualenv.pypa.io/en/stable/)

	```sudo pip install virtualenv```

2. Install [virtualenvwrapper](https://virtualenvwrapper.readthedocs.io/en/latest/install.html):

	 ```pip install virtualenvwrapper```
3. Create a new env for the project:
 
	 ```mkvirtualenv erehwon```
4. Clone the repo:

	`git@github.com:marizoldi/Erehwon.git`
	
5. Go inside the newly added **erehwon** directory:
	
	```cd erehwon```
	
6. Activate the virtual enviroment:
 
	 ```workon erehwon``` 
	 
	 This will now ensure anything you install is within this enviroment.
7. Install the requirements:

	 ```pip install -r requirements.txt``` 
8. You will need to have [Postgres installed](https://www.postgresql.org/download/) and up and running:
	
	```brew install postgresql``
9. Create a database locally for the project to run:
	
	```createdb erehwon``

10. Go inside frontend folder: 
	
	```cd frontend```
11. Install all the dependencies:

	 ```npm install```


## Running the project locally
1. Go inside the django app directory: 

	```cd erehwon```
2. Run django server:
	
	```python manage.py runserver```
	
3. The project is now running on `http://127.0.0.1:8000/`, go to that address in your browser. 

## Front End changes
1. Make css and javascript changes in the ```frontend``` folder
2. Make any HTML changes in the Django templates located in `erehwon/templates`
3. Use `grunt default` in the frontend folder to build, watch and copy all the required files automatically into the Django static folder.

## Deploying to Heroku
1. Create a Heroku Account
2. Get added to the app in the Heroku Dashboard
3. In the terminal `heroku login`
4. Within you project directory `heroku git:remote -a erehwon`
5. Once you are ready to deploy, from master branch you can run `git push heroku master` make sure you have commited all the changes before running this and the `git status` is clean.
6. Go to http://erehwon.herokuapp.com/ to view the live site.
